tequila and tonicwith a wedge of lemon.
no ring 'cause you're single
or because you don't likewearing one ?
You asking me if I'm married ?
Are you married ?
No. not anymore.
Ana-lucia.
So tell me. ana-lucia.
why are you drinking tequilaan tonics at ten to noon ?
I hate flying.
and they stuck me all the wayin the back of the plane.
So where are you sitting ?
23-B.
Wanna trade ?
I can't do this. ma !
He's not supposedto be mine !
It was neverpart of the plan.
Excuse me. would you mindwatching my bag for a moment ?
I'll be right back.
- Sure. whatever.
- Thank you.
what's goin' on ?
My flight to L. A. Leavesin a couple of hours. so...
you want to do one more bumpfor the road ?
Uh...
Fate
or coincidence ?
my husband keeps reminding me
that planes want to bein the air.
Well. he sounds likea very smart man.
You be sure and tell him that
when he gets backfrom the bathroom.
a plane breaks apart
somewhere over the south pacific.
she's not breathing.
Watch out.
good. Let it out.
You okay ?
Where's my mom ?
Two groups of passengers survive...
separated on different sides of the same island.
Come on !
big. deep breaths ! Big breaths !
move ! Move ! Get her up !
Excuse me.
Would youlook after the children ?
There is somethingI have to do.
Uh. okay.
Stay with this nice woman. I'll be back in a minute.
Recovery...
help ! Hey ! I need some help !
Someone in the jungleis alive !
please help me !
And rescue.
help !
What's your name ?
Bernard !
You're gonna be all right. bernard.
we need to finda safer place.
Well. what aboutthe signal fire ?
How are we all gonna get rescued
if we're off the beach ?
They have satellites. the black box.
We don't need a firefor them to find us.
Yes. we do.
Before the crash.
we were flying for two hoursin the wrong direction.
They don't know where to look.
You were the one
who pulled the dead bodiesout of the water ?
Yes.
Were any of themafrican-american ?
No.
It's my wife.
I can't find her.
I will pray for her.
Desperation...
and hope...
your husband was inthe tail section of the plane ?
Yes. he was. but he'll be back.
You think he's still alive ?
I know he is.
How ?
I just do.
we must have beenat about 40.000 feet
when it happened.
Hit an air pocket.
dropped and blacked out.
I saw the whole thing.
I knew that the tail was gone. but I...
couldn't bring myselfto look back...
and then
the front endof the plane broke off.
Well. it's not hereon the beach.
neither is the tail.
what are you doingin here ? What's in the bag ?
Booze. smokes. couple"playboys."
What's in yours ?
Medicine.
Just about sums it up. don't it ?
You do this back home. too. steal from the dead ?
Just not lookin'at the big picture. doc.
You're still backin civilization.
And where are you ?
I'm in the wild.
Do you play checkerswith your pop ?
No.
I live in australiawith my mom.
She got sick. She dieda couple of weeks ago.
You're having a bad month.
I guess.
- I just want to know.
- Well. you're not gonna know.
-  What's the big deal ?
- It's not a big deal.
It's just that you
and your tattoos...
don't add up.
so what is it about that guy
that makes you all
weakin the loins ?
Do  you try to be a pigor it just come naturally ?
So he's a doctor. right ?
Hell. give me a couple ofband-aids.
a bottle of peroxide.
I could run this island. too.
You're actually comparingyourself to jack ?
The difference between usain't that big. sweetheart.
are you all right ?
No. I'm okay.
It just can't happen.
What ?
Can't grow upin this place.
what are welooking for again ?
Any long piece of metalor plastic tubing.
anything that looks likeit would work as a frame.
Am I being punished ?
What. you think workin'with your old man is punishment ?
Feels like punishment.
This is us taking controlof our destiny.
While some prepare to leave...
I think we shouldgo back. man.
Suit yourself.
Others uncover reasons to stay.
Boone.
you need thismore than I do.
what is that ?
that's what we're gonnafind out.
The crash was only the beginning.
This group must now fight
to survive attacks
by mysterious island inhabitants.
the kids ! They took the kids !
They're gone.
What is that ?
It's a list.
A list of what ?
Of us.
nothing ?
They dragged nine peopleinto the jungle. the kids.
and there's no signof 'em ?
Now's not a good timeto talk ?
What needs to happento make you say something ?!
Hey. calm down. Let's figure this out.
Here are the names of everysingle person they took.
what they were wearing. what they look like.
One of themhad a list of us.
Maybe they're watching us.
You were gonefor two hours yesterday.
- What ?
- Where were you ?
- I was going to the bathroom.
- Hey. stop.
Let's not get paranoid here.
We don't know anything.
Why would they try toinfiltrate us ? That's crazy.
well. whoever they are. they know we are here.
We need to leave this beach.
Five minutes.
We've been walkingfor three days straight. ana.
And you're still here.
You want to keep walking.
go ahead.
Fresh water.
rock wall at ourbacks. lots of fruit trees.
Right herelooks pretty good to me.
Hey.
Do you really think it'spossible that one of us is...
one of them ?
Why do you thinkI'm digging this hole ?
Suspicion turns to paranoia...
oh. hey. ana.
but has the real threat been discovered ?
What are you doing ?
Let me out of hereright now.
You let me out. You let me out !
He wasn't on the plane.
What ?
We were in the airfor two hours.
I didn't see him once. not once.
It's a big plane. ana. Just because you didn't...
- no. I didn't see him. either.
- Oh. you're not all serious.
He never talks about himself. nathan.
Every time I ask him anything. he just dodges.
We should let him go.
We're not savages.
If I were a savage. I would'vecut off his finger already.
That's tomorrow.
I'll pull you up.
Grab the rope.
Ana-lucia'S...
I think we all thinkthat she's gonna hurt you.
Now you need to get awayfrom here.
There's some fruit in there. Now just go.
what ?
He's gone. Nathan's gone.
All right. what are you gonna do ?
They found us. It's time to move.
Amid violence and deception...
how does a man find redemption ?
Why  aren't you talking ?
what is it ?
I don't know.
looks like some sortof storage facility.
hey.
come over here.
It's  a radio.
Hello. Can anybody hear me ?
the hills are blocking it.
If we want a signal. we need to get to higher ground.
Why do you thinkthey're doing this ?
Why do I thinkwho's doing what ?
Them.
Don't you ever wonderwhy they attack us ?
Maybe they're notattacking us.
Yeah. they just drag us intothe jungle every now and then.
No real harm done.
Can I ask you something ?
Sure. ana.
The day of the crash...
you ran out of the jungle
ten minutes after the crash.
You weren't wet.
you were nevereven in the ocean.
Nathan.
did you kill him ?
Nathan was nota good person.
That's whyhe wasn't on the list.
What about the kids ?
Did you kill them. too ?
The children are fine.
They're better off now.
where's goodwin ?
We're safe here now.
Silence...
and suffering.
how long must they last ?
It's going to be okay.
What. you're talking now ?
It's been 40 days.
You've been waiting40 days to talk ?
You waited 40 days to cry.
john. people are talking
about what we're doingout here every day.
especially since we nevercome back with anything.
What we're doing hereis far more important.
Right now.
this is our priority.
Purpose. faith. determination.
Where does it all lead ?
I had a dream last night.
I asked for a sign. and
then I saw a plane crash.
a beechcraft. right out there.
It was a dream. but
it wasthe most real thing
I've ever experienced.
I know where to go now.
Go for what ?
To find what we needto open this bastard up.
hello ?
Hello ? Can anybody hear me ?
Where do you thinkit came from ?
He was a priest.
Gold teeth. obviously well-off.
What kind of money is that ?
Nigerian naira.
What is a nigerian priest
doing on an islandin the south pacific ?
I'm not so surehe's a priest.
Is that the plane you saw ?
As  best I can tell.
what's importantis what's inside it.
boone !
I'm fine !
Boone !
Do you want to know what'sin your damn plane. locke ?
They're drug smugglers. locke.
Heroin.
That's all that's in here !
why are you wastingyour time with that thing ?
There's no signal.
I only turn it ona couple minutes a day.
anybody out there ?
mayday. mayday !
Is there someone there ?
Hello ! Hello !
- Who is that ?
- can you hear me ?
Repeat your transmission.
We're survivors of the crash
of oceanic flight 815.
- boone. get out !
- please copy !
We're the survivors
of flight 815.
N- no. wait a minute. What are you doing ?
it's them.
They're trying to draw us out.
This is our life now.
Get used to it.
where did it come from ?
Based on the maps inside. nigeria.
The plane was loadedwith heroin.
we set sail tomorrow.
I got some packing to do.
Why is it so importantfor you to be on that raft ?
'Cause there ain't anything onthis island worth staying for.
Be safe. sawyer.
Yeah.
go. go. go. go !
that's it !
a search for help...
and a search for answers.
how longhave you known about this ?
Three weeks. give or take.
Three weeks.
You've been out herefor three weeks
digging this thing upand you never told me about it ?
All due respect. jack. but sincewhen do I report to you ?
All due respect. john. but you lied.
I need for youto explain to me
what the hell's going oninside your head. john.
I think that's whyyou and i
don't see eye to eyesometimes. jack.
because you're
a man of science.
What does that make you ?
Me ? Well. I'm a man of faith.
Do you really thinkall this
is an accident ?
Do you think we crashedon this place by coincidence.
especially this place ?
We were brought herefor a purpose.
And who brought us here. john ?
The island.
It's destiny.
I don't believe in destiny.
Yes. you do.
You just don't know it yet.
something's out there.
- Hey ! Yo !
- Hey !
Hey !
- Ahoy !
- We're getting saved !
- Wooo !
- We're glad to see you !
What are you folks doingthis far out here ?
The plane crashed ! We've beenon an island for a month. man !
Hey. it's a good thing
we found you.
Yeah !
only. the thing is
we gonna have to take the boy.
What ? What'd you say ?
Just give us the boy.
I'm not giving you anybody.
Well. all right. then.
hey.  hey !
Sawyer !
dad ! Dad !
- No ! Walt ! No !
- Dad !
Help me !
Dad. help me !
Dad !
Help me. dad !
Please !
Walt !
on this island.
the greatest of all mysteries
lies beneath the surface...
soon to be revealed.
kate. you run the fuse.
Jack and iwill rig the charges.
How does one look for answers ?
how many do we needto blow the hatch ?
Two should take careof the hinge. three to be safe.
Can destiny be found ?
or is it better left alone ?
One discovery...
- Put it down !
- I'm not putting downanything.
Leads to more questions.
do not move !
Oh. what did you do ?
I have to fix it.
What the hellis he talking about ?
if you don'tlet me up. we are gonna die.
- Stop moving. or I swear to god !
- Look at the wall !
You see that ?!
That's a timer. and it's counting down !
I've gotta push the button !
Or what ?
What's gonna happen ?
Libby.
another discovery...
get ana-lucia. quick !
begins to provide answers.
Who are you ?
how about that ?
We're home.
- he doesn't evenspeak english.
- That doesn't mean anything.
I'm not sure thathe's a threat.
- he's running !
- Michael. sawyer !
Jin !
- You're gonna tell mewhat's goin' on.
- Just let me...
look. you wantto get it to work.
you're gonna tell mehow you got here.
It was three years ago.
I was in a solo racearound the world.
and my boat crashed into
the reef and then kelvin came.
- Kelvin ?
- Kelvin. He comes runningout of the jungle.
"Hurry. hurry. come with me !"
He brings me down here.
First thing he does.'cause it's beeping already.
he types in the code. he pushesthe button. and it stops.
"What was all that about ?"I say.
"Just savin' the world."he says.
Saving the world ?
Then kelvin died.
and now here I amall alone.
The end.
Where's my boy ?
you think thatmakes sense. pushing a button ?
You're gonnatake his word for it ?
His wordis all we have. jack.
You don't have to takemy word for it. Watch the film.
What ?
The bookcase. top shelf. behind "turn of the screw."
what do you know ?
What did they do to you ?
Who the hell are they ?
Grab the rope.
Please.
you understandthat what he's saying is...
it's insane. it's impossible.
Why is it insane ?
Because the last timeI saw the computer
that was gonnasave the world. it didn't look like that.
Welcome.
I'm dr. Marvin candle.
and this is the orientation film for station three...
of the dharma initiative.
Every 108 minutes.
the button must be pushed.
From the moment the alarm sounds.
you will have four minutes to enter the code
into the microcomputer processor.
Now do not attempt to use the computer for anything.
Congratulations.
Until your replacements arrive.
the future of the project is in your hands.
We had a talk. and they believewe were on the plane. too.
Swell. Guess we can allsue oceanic together.
He pushed that buttonevery 108 minutes ?
He did. indeed.
And after all that time. he just up and left ?
I guess he figuredhe found his replacements.
- Meaning us.
And what happensif we don't push it ?
We're not gonna find out.
Hi.
Back where you guys. uh.
where you came from.
is there a womannamed rose there ?
Black chick. in her 50s ?
She... she...
she okay ?
Yeah. man.
she's okay.
oh. thank you.
Charlie read me the riot actlast night for waking him.
You know. it's like we'replaying mom and dad to this baby
yet I don'tremember marrying him.
no. seriously.
I mean. we're practicallystrangers. him and me.
For all I know. charliecould be some religious freak.
Oh. I seriously doubt that.
Then why does he carry arounda virgin mary statue ?
He says he found itin the jungle.
All right. all of you. get up.
We're moving out.
Moving out where ?
Back to where you came from.
Hey.
You. um. you took a shower.
Had to see if it worked.
How was it ?
Smelled a little bit likesulfur. but
it was a shower.
Yeah. I know what you mean.
You could use one.
Maybe a little later.
I'll leave the shampoofor you.
so what's your name. anyway ?
Mr. Eko.
So what's that like. mr. Ed ?
michael... he just left.
Let's go.
We're leaving now.
What do you mean. we're leaving ?
Your buddy ran off
into the jungle.
Michael... he just left.
Michael.
He ain't comin' backwithout his kid.
He ain't comin' backwithout walt.
Wait.
A search begins.
What are you doing ?
I'm going to help himfind his friend.
Where are you going ?
To get some water.
Let me.
I'll be right back.
Well. that was quick.
I am telling you. I saw walt.
It was a dream. shannon.
He was here. I saw him. He went into the tent.
I was only gonefor a few moments.
You must have fallen asleep.
. This was not a dream !
The search continues
for the father desperate to find his son.
shh !
Keep slowing us down. we're gonna leave you behind.
Go ahead. leave me behind.
All right.
See you.
Got a question for ya.
Now that your tracker's gone.
how you gonna find our campwithout me ?
Walk across the island. follow the beaches.
and eko's coming back.
You married ?
No.
Too bad. You seem suited for it.
Funny.
What about you ?
No. ma'am.
You gay ?
funny.
Let's go.
What are we waitin' for ?
Walt !
Michael !
Go away ! I'm not going backwithout him.
Walt !
Shouting is nota good idea.
You need to come backwith us now.
I'm not leaving him out here.
I know they took your son...
but you have no idea
what these peopleare capable of.
They will not be foundif they don't want to be.
They took him
right out of my hand.
Right out of my hand.
I hope you didn't getthe wrong idea.
seeing me with the baby.
You and claire are close
and
you spend a lot of timewith aaron.
I just wouldn't wantto overstep my bounds.
She's got a bit to learn
about being a mom.
responsibility and all.
Now that's an interesting thingto say
for a heroin addict.
Recovering addict.
Recovering.
hey.
Hey. hey. hey. hey.
Sawyer.
hey.
Mr. Eko. can you help memake a stretcher ?
I didn't ask you to follow me.
I don't need your help. sayid.
Walt is not out here.
I saw walt.
what was that ?!
let's go back.
I need you to believe in me.
I do believe in you.
You don'T.
I love you.
Walt !
Shannon !
You hooked it.
Try keepingyour left arm straight.
So you think you coulddo better ?
anyone can hit a ball. That's not golf.
And what's golf ?
Golf is accuracy.
Why don't we play a few holes
and see which one of usis more accurate ?
Two worlds...
about to collide.
What are you doing ?
I'm taking him backto his camp.
Don't leave.
Please.
If that were you. he'd let you die.
I'm not doing it for him.
I'm doing it for me.
Got it.
You may want to move.
What ?
Where is the doctor ?
I got him.
Bathroom.
He's burning up. Gotta get him in the shower
and bring his fever down.
Hello.
swallow it. swallow it. swallow it.
Damn it.
I'll do it
No. no. I got it.
I can do it.
Sawyer ?
It's kate.
You have to listen to me. okay ?
It's the only way that you aregoing to get better.
so you take this pill.
Now swallow.
Swallow.
- Good. good.
- Nice job.
I never learned the whole
"whisper in the ear"thing in med school.
Confusion...
- I'm sorry.
- Are you ?
Fear...
yeah. I'm sorry.
I'm sorry that I am notas perfect as you.
What's going on with you ?
Just forget it.
- No. don't walk away from me.
- Let go of me.
- No. Kate...
- just...
Kate. it's okay.
It's okay.
It's all right.
All right ?
What do you do
when you want to hold on...
but your instincts tell you to run ?
Jack !
Michael.
Reunion...
but at what price ?
Remember how to get out there. right ?
What do you want ?
Excuse me ?
Peace ? Revenge ? Justice ?
And you are going outwith all these guns.
What do you want ?
I want all of our peopleback here safely.
Your friend murdered...
ana-lucia made a mistake.
What did you say ?
Ana-lucia made a mistake.
Ana-lucia.
Two groups separated...
at last reunited.
Hello again.
Hello.
I have something I thinkyou should see.
On the other sideof the island.
we found a placemuch like this.
We found a book.
I believewhat's inside there
will be of great valueto you.
Tequila and tonic... that's your drink. right ?
Where's the tonic ?
We're running a little lowon mixers.
Sure you want towaste that on me ?
Figured you coulduse a drink.
I know I could.
Are you gonnatry to convince me
that everyone heredoesn't hate me ?
Only if you're gonnatry to convince me
that every woman in the world'snot crazy.
What are the odds ?
The odds ?
Yeah.
We crash. two halvesof the same plane
fall on different partsof the island.
You're over there. I'm over here.
and now
here's the missing pieceright back where it belongs.
Don't mistake coincidencefor fate.
it is highly recommended
that you and your partner take alternating shifts.
In this manner. you will both stay
as fresh and alert... of utmost importance.
Here it comes.
Now do not attempt to use the computer
for anything else other than the entering of the code.
This is its only function.
The isolation that attends the duties
associated with station three
may tempt you to try and utilize the computer
for communication with the outside world.
This is strictly forbidden.
I repeat.
do not use the computer for anything
other than entering the code.
Congratulations.
Until your replacements arrive.
the future of the project is in your hands.
- Hello ?
- Hello. who is this ?
This is Michael.
Who is this ?
Dad ?
Traduction par Cedr_c
Synchro par Kiff - www.forom.com